how are you my people today I bring you a jump
that apparently happened yesterday ok
karime sent it to me and xavi told me
[Music]
and I danced to a channel of a bullfighter without
knowing that she was a bullfighter and they are
canceling it on social networks apparently I was there yesterday
that this is something that happens in tweets
okay here on youtube you can't do it
but you are not called host
wright they didn't correct it I am wrong
because since I am not in tweets so I
can also be wrong okay
but yes it is true that I have seen
Grecia many famous youtubers who
do it for example aurum play said the
other day that they didn't allow it
because he had so many people that in tweets he
considered it as
[Music]
as harassment he said I don't know but he said it was
like sending him so many people because it was I do
n't know that it was too much and then he went
there apparently associated with a girl
who is a bullfighter and people are
canceling him for that reason not
in minute 2
thanks great welcome okay minutes
26 and then in 236  ok first let's
watch this video that we're going to carine over
here where he talks a little about the subject of
canceled activities to finance a
bullfighting channel and the worst thing is that the
host went without knowing that it was
unintentional it happens that he was already
being one of his chatting
calmly and interviewing sergio
ramos the captain of real madrid since
lately the subject of his renewal has been very busy
and that what is strong about
valle to the people who are in charge of
interviewing and what is moving the
bug and calming the waters a bit but
still at the end of the interview he was
looking for small channels to post and
found one that was supposedly
celebrating his birthday so it
seemed like a nice gesture and in fact at
first glance it is a great gesture to give
the host in terms of the good intentions
in the world to the people thank you very much for
being here I'm going to leave you with another
person we are going to take advantage of
sergio ramos' influence to give a little bit
to someone who has very few alive and
we brighten their life a little we will
probably throw away the streaming the
truth look we have a
conchi barra birthday  go down up
yes how many people could there be in this 330 was
going and interviewing ramos
the same
in fact finito
conchi rios you have conchi rios
well I'm going to adjust it to conchi rios
but people would soon realize
that she was the owner of the channel she was a bullfighter and
well let's see a lot a lot there wasn't that
much there was no need to complicate your
life to see that the bullfighter 100,000
viewers my goodness no twitter
quickly showed its rejection of
bullfighting and they began to make fun of
ibai for having done it
where did you sit I was going there
my goodness no the people let's see what
the girl says to him at two o'clock with six they have put me
from the party it's never his fault not
when he catches you or when he kills a bullfighter
or his brothers are killed so that the
music people because this
ask me if you should leave it like that it's a
very sheltered question of course this as
if a dog bites you and then it
kills her when loving the mother the dog to the
dog to the other
but I would like
[Music]
well they are asking me questions
about you a lot forgive me I  I've been going off
on a tangent, in the end it was now we'll
stay a little while for the people who are
asking but let the people ask because
this has been impressive galdós
suddenly 800 questions three thousand an
hour how do I do it
that they put 90,000 people
live to post things carlos 90,000
people a host of VAT and a lot of cloth 90
thousand to 90 thousand will think lumber what is
really hard 90 thousand people and dances
continue more than a million more than a million
4 million people
in my gang let's see if we fill the
plaza it doesn't matter with 90 thousand people
I knew who was posting theater I say I did
n't know I didn't know what a
birthday was and active adjustment I didn't even know
that there was no eye eye listen to me what has to be
a bull behind
that has a bull here
and I know that I already knew that it was about bulls he didn't
even wet him he gave his life
if you take and we save his program that
we celebrate he is not a bullfighter and a soccer player
well the cattle
then carlos we closed very expensive it
seems is that I  don't be a joke because
we are live here
talking Carlos and no, no, I was getting into
Sergio Ramos, very bullfighting, I didn't know that, he's taking over
you, what a coincidence, it doesn't appear from
someone's adjustment because it was my
birthday and he didn't know that I am a
bullfighter, I do
n't know how he must have felt when we were so
happy,
we had the idea that one day the shelter
gives him a lot and whatever is necessary,
every moment we had 90 minutes, that
is very beautiful and very big in the sun, I
think that very few times has happened
in an interview, let's see, just like there are
people who have canceled, there will be people who
like bulls and who have followed
this girl
in life and everyone in life and
everything, there will be people who like it and there will be
people who don't like it and there will be people who have
thanked the host, hey, the VAT and he
did it with all the good intentions in the
world,
in terms of the good intentions in the world
and without looking at anything, that's good, you know that it's
not only you, based on your
ideals, no, 90 thousand people
have made history,
the girls of SS, videos from Seville,
the truth is, I believe that these 90 are Andalusian  a
thousand people are a lot of eyes it's
a lot the
same armor
and here in 236 it talks about the subject when
we have freedom freedom of
expression is not insulting it's you saying
your opinion that is anti-bullfighting for this for
this
lack thank you very much come I
imagine that there will have been many people
too who will have started insulting her and
that is wrong or I mean, for example, I do
n't like bulls okay because I have never
liked them it's not because of the issue of
animals or anything but I simply do
n't like the idea of ​​putting on a
spectacle while you kill a bull you
know and then everything that is
behind that they say that I don't know if it's the
truth is that the truth is not being told I insist
that I do not understand this nor do I want to put my
foot in it but then the issue that they say
that he puts it on to make it come out crazier I do
n't know if it does something to him they put it in
the dark you know or porn I don't like
the truth I don't like it and it appears that I
never liked it again ability no longer
only because of the issue of what
happens to the animal okay obviously
we eat meat animals
have to die by law of life what
let's do it no but I don't like that
form of spectacle
and besides I don't like it but not because of
the fact itself of the animal but
because I don't see what's fun
and entertaining about it you know I mean not the
fact that the bullfighter gets on the iron
there if he sticks a
banderilla in you he cuts off an ear now I don't
know that everyone is watching it because
the truth is no it doesn't make me laugh I understand
that there are people who like it okay it
could be for people who like it well
everyone who likes it should say it they
understand me but I'm not going to go around
insulting anyone or being disrespectful
okay this is a topic of debate that has always
existed and always will be okay I think there are
autonomous communities where it is
already prohibited I think I
am bear and thank you very much I think there are
autonomous communities where it was
prohibited okay but as long as it
exists for the topic of debate even that
is a fault for being disrespectful and
apologetic sometimes I speak badly it is because of
a device that he had an invisalign I
want to say it because he is an immigrant and I am
still not sure that I know how to speak
well
so please  there will be a lack of respect, well do
n't do it because in the
end all you get is dizziness
and it's useless we can debate
in a polite way the funny thing is that of
course they were watching the
interview with Ramos who was
interviewing Ramos and everyone
thought it was fine and they were fine and that's why
also 69 that it was an interview with Ramos who
was in Urbino misinformed
and little society that we honor Sergio Ramos who we
all know bullfighters because
people won't know I just found out that he
's a bullfighter moment of look at you who
were all there applauding Ramos has left
and now they're canceling Ibai
for every night a girl who is a bullfighter
okay
because because Ramos are a lot in the
field there are a lot of bullfights he
is super bullfighting he is very good friends
specifically with Alejandro Talavante a
bullfighter he
has a proper farm
here this is my boyfriend Jonathan no he's not
a ghost or anything he waves at you
so you know that he's a person I
'm the director who is  down but
this is the shadow is here helping
then ramos is very very very bullfighting
there are many people like well you know
camarón a great decanter of flamenco
who also wanted to be a bullfighter
joaquín sabina another great singer
also joaquín sabina he called me
on the phone the day that I opened the
great door of madrid which is like a
very important achievement in the bullfighting
and that I called you being a little girl the one who would
call me my joaquín sabina to
congratulate me well imagined as a little girl
falling or rather my soul fell to the
ground it was impressive I mean joaquín
sabina sapo for the project now now
a female bullfighter I had never never
met I love seeing a female bullfighter he played the
man a piece of person to
congratulate me or rather tremendous that man
then many many artists that the
world of bullfighting has caught a
lot of attention great painters but
well this is just talking for the sake of talking because
this is already known I don't simply want to
pretend a little what makes a letter of
introduction for all these
new little people  that you are here with me
just to see I do not like it I already
said it I have said it many times the
videos okay I do not like it
but apart from the animal theme apart from the
animal theme what the
animals suffer and all that apart from that it is that I do
not see the funny thing it does not
seem nice to me you understand but I
respect I do not go around being disrespectful or
like they do because there are many people not being
disrespectful and
people enjoying the bull and all that no well and much
less was I going to have a jewel a bullfighter
as if I had done it with the
intention of saying hey look I am going to
support this person because she is a bullfighter
and as if she supported the bullfighting no no she has
not done it in that sense the kid the horns and I had to box I think I always support someone when the live shows end these people no and what a contrast girl it was her birthday besides there will be people who like them the girl continued it does not matter
tomorrow another one the other person and that's it